0.18.0 release (#493)
packit/ogr: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.18.0

## Features

- Project now have delete functionality (@shreyaspapi).
- Newly created issues can have assignees (@shreyaspapi).

## Minor

> - Ogr authenticates to Gitlab only if token is provided (@mfocko).

Reviewer: Something like this is maybe more understandable to users.

```suggestion
- It is now possible to use GitLab annonymously without specifying an authentication token. (@mfocko).
```
